Release 0.1.0 (#1)
membraneframework/kino_membrane: README.md

# Membrane Kino Dashboard

[![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/kino_membrane.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/kino_membrane)
[![API Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-docs-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://hexdocs.pm/kino_membrane)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/kino_membrane.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/kino_membrane)

> Dashboard for introspecting [Membrane](https://membraneframework.org) pipelines. Can be used via [Livebook](https://livebook.dev/).

Reviewer: We have newer website :wink: 
```suggestion
Dashboard for introspecting [Membrane](https://membrane.stream) pipelines. Can be used via [Livebook](https://livebook.dev/).
```
